
Introduction
A commercial real estate firm specializing in restaurant properties is interested in finding similar neighborhoods to up and coming "hipster" neighborhoods in Brooklyn, NY.  The firm has had tremendous success in Brooklyn.  They are considering Washington DC as a potential city to expand to.  They are looking for concrete recommendations for neighborhoods to invest in that are similar to the neighborhoods of Brooklyn that they have made their money in.  

Data 
We use Foursquare data for the neighborhood data.  We build a dataframe of Washington DC neighborhoods and include the Brooklyn, NY neighborhoods that are were trying to find similar neighborhoods to.  A list of Washington DC neighborhoods was found here:  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neighborhoods_in_Washington,_D.C. The culinary neighborhoods we will be looking to find similar Washington DC neighborhoods to are here:  http://www.bkmag.com/2015/12/22/the-best-food-neighborhoods-in-brooklyn-ranked/  We found the latitude and longitude values for these neighborhoods, cleaned the data and created a dataframe to use in our comparisons.  The dataframe included the following fields:  Neighborhood, Latitude and Longitude.

Methodology 
We used the kmeans algorithm to compare neighborhoods in Washington DC with the neighborhoods that the client selected as their target neighborhoods.  To begin, we first select a number of classes/groups to use and randomly initialize their respective center points.  The machine learning algorithm works by classifying each data point by computing distannce between the point and the group center.  The point is then classified to be in the group whose center is nearest to the point.  K-Means is fast and perfect for our problem.
We took the Brooklyn and Washington DC neighborhood data and created a comma separated value file.  We read this in to a Pandas dataframe.  We then authenticated to  the Foursquare api.  We looped through the neighborhoods and added the clustering column to our dataframe.   We then explored each cluster in order to determine the results. 

Results 
The first cluster contained a group of Washington DC neighborhoods and the Brooklyn neighborhoods.  Remaining clusters did not contain any Brooklyn neighborhoods.  The clustering resulted in a list of 74 Washington DC neighborhoods that are similar to the Brooklyn neighborhoods the client desires.
Adams Morgan
Columbia Heights
Howard University
Le Droit Park
Mount Pleasant
Park View
Pleasant Plains
Shaw
U St NW
Downtown
Dupont Circle
Federal Triangle Station
Foggy Bottom
Georgetown
Logan Circle
Mount Vernon Square
Penn Quarter
Shaw
Southwest Federal Center
U St NW
West End
American University Park
Cathedral Heights
Chevy Chase
Cleveland Park
Colony Hill
Forest Hills
Foxhall
Glover Park
Kent
Massachusetts Avenue Heights
McLean Gardens
North Cleveland Park
Observatory Cir NW
Tenleytown
Wakefield
Wesley Heights
Woodland Normanstone
Woodley Park
Brightwood Park
Chevy Chase
Crestwood
Fort Totten
Hawthorne
Petworth
Riggs Park
Takoma
Arboretum
Bloomingdale
Brentwood
Brookland
Carver Langston
Eckington
Edgewood
Fort Lincoln
Fort Totten
Ivy City
Langdon
North Michigan Park
Riggs Park
Stronghold
Trinidad
Truxton Circle
Woodridge
Barney Circle
Capitol Hill
Judiciary Square
Kingman Park
Mount Vernon Triangle
Navy Yard
Near Northeast
NoMa
Shaw
Southwest Waterfront

Discussion
There are a number of neighborhoods that are similar to the Brooklyn neighborhoods the client desires.  At this point it would be beneficial to target specific aspects of each neighborhod that the client desires and use the Foursquare data or other data to drill down into each neighborhood.  A detailed list of features could be compiled and a decision could be made based on cost, transportation and any other factors deemed important by the client.  The client should be engaged and based on preferences the list can be paired down.

Conclusion 
Washington DC is definitely a good candidate for expansion.  The client has 74 options for neighborhoods that are similar Brooklyn neighborhoods.